Add instructions for disabling top-level imports (#25232)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/top-level-templates.md

If you'd prefer to use the older format, you can copy the code from the second example in this article, and continue the tutorial as before.

You can learn more about top-level statements in the tutorial exploration on [top level statements](../../csharp/whats-new/tutorials/top-level-statements.md).

> If you want to opt-out of that behaviour and manually control all namespaces in your project. Add `<DisableImplicitNamespaceImports>true</DisableImplicitNamespaceImports>` in the project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to opt-out of that behavior and manually control all namespaces in your project, add [`<DisableImplicitNamespaceImports>true</DisableImplicitNamespaceImports>`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#disableimplicitnamespaceimports) in the project file.
```
